hello my beloved youtube family
well, as you will remember for
two videos back we have been doing
animals made of pure hearts and
well, ideal for valentine or
for any occasion we want
give that special someone something very
nice in this case well these
little animals made of little hearts like
will remember the first were these
very nice dogs very original if
They do not know how to do it and they would like
how to learn to do it down in
description I leave the link also in
the second was what we did these
little mice
and if you have not seen the video too and
They want to learn how to do it well
below I leave the link and now it's your turn
the turn to a cute little fish or a link
or a pretty little fish like this if they see
also made of three hearts and
we only occupy two different
sizes and well then it is also
open and we have enough space to
put our dedication and good if
he wants to learn how to do it is very easy
very easy little fish, well, I do not know
lose this video where I will teach you
how to make this cute ps super quote
easy and good the basic things that
we will need it is going to be of course
the mold of two types of hearts one
bigger because the other one does not
you do not feel like doing
good hearts on my facebook page
I leave you these molds for
true hearts are super hearts
easy that the truth as they are up to
bad facts good but then here they look
very pretty so good you what
they can do or they print these
molds that are going to find a page in
facebook and good
after we have printed it we will have
other basic things that were good
let's avoid going to be the black down
and I'm taking a gel pen
white if they do not have white color
can also occupy the corrector that
that comes in pen also a pair of scissors
and glue any glue that
you have and a mobile eye
just an ojito and well then that's
all
as I told you they are going to print their
hearts are going to need two of a
same size and the one that is going to be the base
that is going to open and I explained how
is that we do this so that it opens up in
the first video taught him to be the puppy
there he taught them how to do this super
easy and good then let's start let's go
to put our heart in this way
well, we're going to start with
put the head the head we're going to
put like this
Nikkei
and so while we will put also
the little tail I call to the tail
how is it called the fins not how
is that they call him I put him in the mold
the tail ay ay ay how come here I put him
head and tail and today there is someone who
explain how it's called good I here you
I put my tail
and let's see so we like how
is going to be our little fish after
that it does that we have seen calculated
that we will like there, well, there
we leave it
and we're going to start putting glue on
in this case I am using in bar
only
so be a part of the heart to the
I'm going to put half of my heart
glue in bar bastantito so that
do not take off
yes and now we are going to start
hit him
yes
I believe that there is
A) Yes
this is how we will stay now
here so that it really looks like a
little mouth of fish what I do that
I do here the little tips I make you as well as
a wave
yes
and here it stays and the beak of
a good little fish now we are going to
keep putting the other part of the
tail that I call or fins do not
I know how they call themselves equally
Lets put
what you can do here you are going to
see how far they want the fins in the
colita as you see there so I think there's me
like or we get it like that more like that and where
you like how they stay there can
make a mark with pencil
they just slowly make marquez
as you see here it does not look good
We go there is the brand with the stylus to
guide me and I can put there the
glue know exactly where it puts the
glue
there
Now let's stick it back
the cousins ​​well for them to stick
with our gel pen
we make here a hairline as well as if
was cooked to highlight the
heart this look more beautiful our
fish as you see here equally here you
I make one
so that simply so that it
see our fish more beautiful
that is optional
I dont know
Now let's make our mouth the
mouth so we are going to do as a
wave
A) Yes
and now to paste our little o'clock we are going to
see where we are right there
we grab a little glue
and we paste it and there will be our
fish card
this brings this little fish and if not then
here says both believe that in as
since they are moralistic and pink
but you can do it
azulitas greens citations for it to be
a little fish and good
we also have enough space here
to put our dedication very
nice these little fish I do not expect
you liked it if you liked it, do not forget
crime above comment below and
subscribe above for more more
novelties so beautiful like this one and
good as I told you in the previous video
if you think of doing another
animal with hearts as well as these
what am I doing with pure hearts
well then do it and send me your photos
my facebook page for me to see
Well how beautiful were their
animals or can make a video
answer and then share them to us
the ideas
that they grabbed thanks to then these
I'm doing with a heart like that
what good to see what ideas come out
you also if you do what I do
I am doing you are going to give him another
I touch another design so I also
I love to see them so much
well that was all I hope you do
and that they have fun doing it and
well that was it and we see each other
another bye